[SAWADA] Hey, what colors
do you think
Hori-senpai would like best?
I've seen her wear red and pink
accessories before,
so maybe warmer colors?
Bound to beat something
blue or white, yeah?
Are you even listening?
Hello?
You in there?!
[MIYAMURA]
Go home.
[SAWADA] If anyone knows
the answer, it's you.
Please, go home.
[SAWADA] Why won't you
just tell me
what her favorite colors are?
Sawada, I am begging you.
You realize Valentine's Day
is right around the corner,
and I can't wrap her present
until I know
which color ribbon to use!
Don't ask
her boyfriend about it! Jeez!
It's important
for a gift's wrapping
to be as cute
and appealing as possible.
Don't you get it?
[sighing]
Well, I know it looks nice,
though it's not like
I've dwelled on it.
The art of gift wrap, huh?
[grunting]
Hold on a friggin' minute here.
Are you planning to let
the shop wrap your present?
Uh...
Well, what you choose
doesn't involve me.
[MIYAMURA]
But, it's cute
and appealing
when they wrap it.
Though I'm willing
to learn your way as well.
Golly! I wish I knew
which one to pick!
[MIYAMURA]
Red and orange are the colors
I've found Hori
most partial to.
-[giggles]
-See?
That wasn't so hard now, right?
Ooh!
Check out this simple
yet sweet wrapping here!
[indistinct chatter]
-Good morning, Sawada.
-How are you doing today?
I'm okay.
[sighs]
[gasps]
[SAWADA]
Oh, right. I need to figure
where I'm gonna buy
a nice ribbon.
♪
[popping]
Kyon-Kyon!
You getting Miyamura something
for Valentine's Day?
Actually, no.
But he said he's whipping up
a present up for me.
-[gasps]
-Oh, then I bet
you're in
for an amazing treat, Hori.
His family does own
a cake shop.
-[laughs]
-Uh-huh!
You're just receiving?
Well, yeah.
See, I'm not all that great
at making desserts and stuff.
Wow.
How very selfish of you.
Uh!
[HORI]
I mean, mine would pale
in comparison
to his masterpieces.
And buying from a shop
that isn't his feels wrong.
Girl, you know it's the thought
that counts, right?
He'll be disappointed
to get diddly-squat.
Diddly is far better
than my lousy sweets,
I guarantee it.
Well, in Remi's opinion,
he'd be happy to receive
any gift from you!
[chuckles]
[HORI sighs]
She's underestimating
-how yucky that gift could be.
-The one on this page, okay?
Ten-four.
-[both gasps]
-[HORI] What's up, you two?
Oh, you know,
just shooting the breeze!
-[tittering]
-You over here for class, or?
I had a little business
to handle with Miyamura.
It's almost time!
And I'm as ready as ever!
This year,
I'll pull out all the stops!
What "stops?"
Miyamura and I had
a long talk about what kind...
-[mumbles]
-Come on, Sawada.
Don't wanna be late
for class, right?
-[SAWADA growls]
-Let's go.
I'll look like a total loser
if she finds out
I'm stressing
over the gift wrap!
-[SAWADA screams]
-Any idea what that was about?
None.
Jeez!
Would it kill him to empathize
with me just a little?
[groans]
That memory's gonna tick
me off for weeks!
[MAYA]
Um. Can we talk?
Uh.
I guess.
Uh...
Aren't you, um,
really good friends
with some third-year
students here?
This again?
I'd say so.
But why are you asking?
Well, Valentine's Day
is coming up.
-Uh-huh.
-[MAYA] And there's this guy.
I'm almost positive
he's one you hang out with.
Uh...
Which one, though?
Oh. um.
Thing is...
Is it Yanagi or Miyamura?
Regardless,
I can pass on your gift.
Um. I don't know
either of those boys.
-Are they seniors?
-Huh?!
[buzzing]
Uh...
Is it Ishikawa?
Maybe Sengoku?
No. Those names
aren't ringing bells either.
They aren't?
Sorry, but he must be
a third-year that I don't know.
I think you do.
He's the only person
in your group
who always wears
a hoodie to school.
Okay.
Iura's your guy.
Wait, that's who you meant?!
[MAYA]
Oh.
From the way you said that,
I take it you have a thing
for him?
I'm sorry.
There is zero romance
between us!
But, wow.
This mystery man is Iura?
[MAYA]
Mm-hmm.
[quivering]
Is this a prank?
It's not.
He's so outgoing,
and energetic, and...
Oh, gosh.
I feel myself blushing.
He doesn't even know I exist,
since we haven't spoken a word
to each other,
but, everybody loves
getting a Valentine's treat,
and this is my last chance
since he's about to graduate!
Jeez.
Calm down, I get it.
Deep breaths.
[MAYA] I'm worried
he won't accept it
if he has a girlfriend.
[SAWADA]
He doesn't, so don't.
[MAYA]
You sound pretty sure!
What if they're keeping
it low-key?
[SAWADA]
There's no way.
You should make a move.
Ask him out.
No! I just wanna give him
some chocolate!
That's all it is.
Dating him isn't my goal.
[SAWADA]
Uh...
[sighs]
This is great.
I've wanted to talk to someone
about this for a while.
None of our classmates
would know who he is, though.
Huh.
Didn't think I'd get
so flustered
from saying it out loud.
I...
I'll listen if you need me
to, you know...
Since I can't really
help you out beyond that.
If it's okay, could you ask him
what kind of chocolate
he likes for me, please?
Uh...
You really wanna give some
sugar without getting any back?
Mm.
Uh.
[SAWADA]
So you admire him from afar.
Yes.
That sounds about right.
It's that time of year.
Store shelves
are gonna be packed
with Valentine's stuff
everywhere.
I feel you, man.
But you're one of those guys
who's gonna be swimming
in chocolate treats,
so maybe I don't feel you.
You already said you did.
No take-backs.
[IURA] So. Any plans
for the "lovey-dovey" day?
Uh. Practice tying a tie?
Yeah.
[IURA] Is that what
Miyamura's teaching you now?
[ISHIKAWA] He said
he wants to practice, too.
Ta-da!
No.
It's not appealing at all.
Yeah.
Ya think?
[MIYAMURA]
I thought I tied it the way
Sawada's magazine said to.
What is this monstrosity?
[grunts] It's friggin' tight,
dude!
I can't untie your stupid knot!
-Huh? Hey!
-[groaning]
Sawada just showed up, guys!
I'm guessing you came
for Miyamura.
-[SAWADA] N-No.
-Oh, hey, Sawada.
-Huh? Mm.
-[SAWADA gasps]
I'm actually
here for... you, Iura.
Me? Really?
What's up, dudette?
[SAWADA]
Um.
Do you like chocolate, or no?
[lightning zapping]
Ahh!
[IURA]
C-Could it be?
I mean, it's gotta be!
Valentine's Day research!
Yes. I like chocolate.
Do you have a favorite?
I love them all.
I'll eat bitter or sweet,
and I have
no known allergies, yay!
Huh.
Might as well skywrite
how desperate you are, Shu.
So, yeah!
Any kinda chocolate works.
Got it.
Thanks, Iura.
[tittering]
-[SAWADA] Uh...
-Uh,
-Any kind at all!
-[SAWADA gasps loudly]
You wanna spend time and cash
-on chocolate for Shu?
-Wait!
Shock someone besides
Hori is on your list.
Shut your mouths right now
before you discourage her,
you killjoys!
Hey, if you
wanna make me sweets,
that's your prerogative, okay?
[SAWADA scoffs]
What kind of warped delusion
did you invent
to think I'd make
sweets for you?
Gah?!
I'm going back to class.
Where things make sense.
[door sliding shut]
-Huh?
-Hmm?
What? She's the one
-who's not making sense!
-Sawada's
-playing love games, my dude.
-You know?
-I knew that wasn't...
-Huh?!
...what she was after.
[crying] Chocolate!
♪
He said it doesn't matter
what kind you get him.
Works for me.
That just means I have a lot
of options and time to choose.
It'd be easier
if he narrowed it down.
There are just so many!
Thanks for coming to help
me pick out something.
Don't sweat it.
I'm giving chocolates
to someone special, too,
so I wanted to see
what they have.
So you've also got
someone special?
Well, yes, but, it's a secret!
Aww!
[chuckles]
[both laugh]
♪
[MAYA]
If I can't give this to him,
will you accept it instead?
[SAWADA]
Don't worry, you'll do it!
I know you will!
[MAYA sighs]
I'll try my best.
♪
[HORI]
It's nearly here.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Well, in Remi's
humble opinion,
he'd be happy
to receive any gift from you.
Okay!
[HORI]
Um,
-what's a chocolate dessert...
-[gasps]
...that's so easy to make,
not even a novice
could botch it?
[KONO]
Hmm...
Oh! So you decided to make
something for Miyamura, then?
Hush!
The walls have ears,
and I don't want that shared!
-Shh-shh-shh-shh-shh.
-We're the only ones in here,
and everyone knows
you're dating.
[sighs loudly]
[HORI]
Miyamura bakes,
so I don't want him to find out
I asked you instead.
It won't be as pretty
as the store-bought stuff,
and I'm sure it's gonna be
an "acquired taste" at best.
But if there's anything
I can't screw up entirely.
[groans]
[HORI] Am I really gonna give
the simplest dessert
on the planet
to a cake shop owner's son?!
As simple as possible,
but still delicious.
[KONO]
Hmm.
I'll be right back.
[rustling]
Whoa, too cool!
Our school has recipe books?
[KONO]
It does.
And the ones in here
are very easy to follow.
I would check this book out
on the regular
when I started learning
how to make desserts.
Uh...
Chocolate desserts.
Ah, here it is!
This one
would be perfect for you.
[HORI]
Kono's desserts are fantastic.
But even she
had to start somewhere.
♪
Here I go!
Can I please eat
this candy bar?
-I'm starving.
-Out, Kyosuke!
-[grunting]
-Let's try not to bother Kyoko
when she's wielding weaponry,
okay, honey?
She's not preparing for war.
Is she?
[breathes heavily]
What're you about to cook?
Can we watch?
I kinda need space,
so you gotta watch
from over there.
[SOTA]
Is it for anything special?
Well, yeah, I guess so.
It's, uh,
Valentine's Day practice.
It should be for Halloween
since her face is so scary.
She gonna fight her boyfriend?
Hey! Get outta here
and let me concentrate!
It's yours when it's done!
-[SOTA] Scary!
-[YUNA laughs]
[screams]
[sighs]
[HORI]
Of course, I have a scary look.
This is serious.
He may be happy no matter what,
but he'll be happier
if it tastes decent.
♪
[chiming]
[chews loudly]
Hmm.
It's not really good.
[gasping and sighing]
Oh. Um. I see.
Way to go, dummy!
Huh?
Um, here! I'm gonna eat one!
Yuna!
No, don't!
Yeah.
I'll try one, too.
I'll go ahead
and take one as well.
Please! Spare yourselves
the stomachaches, everyone!
It's not bad.
I couldn't eat a bunch
at once, but it's all right.
It's edible, then?
[sighs]
Kids like Sota
would never go for this.
He might like bittersweet stuff
when he's grown.
I think they're perfect,
though.
So more for me.
[KYOSUKE] Hey, that was
the biggest piece
on the plate, Yuri.
So, it's good?
-[titters]
-Depends on your taste!
[HORI] Just tell me
whether it's good or not!
♪
Hori, please don't be
so discouraged.
I either lack talent,
or taste, or both.
Self-deprecating thoughts
like that won't help,
so drop it right now.
[chews loudly]
Mm...
In all honesty, I think you're
worrying over nothing, Hori.
[gasps]
[KONO] Yes, it's bitter,
but a lot of guys
prefer not-so-sweet sweets.
Look, I can handle the truth!
I promise I won't rage
if you tell it to me straight!
[KONO] You're already getting
hysterical, though!
They're awful.
From the taste
to the lumpy shape.
[chuckles]
Hey.
Remember what Remi said?
Huh?
Miyamura will be over the moon
to receive any present
you make for him.
Right?
Store-bought stuff
might look prettier,
and have a taste
a lot of people love,
but that's not
what matters with most gifts.
Besides... I really like yours.
Know why?
It reminds me of you.
♪
[KONO grunts]
Kono.
I was, um...
Not expecting a back hug.
[HORI]
She's right.
What matters most
when it comes to gifts is.
Happy Valentine's Day.
You're gonna make me blush.
I feel special.
What?
They aren't romantic sweets!
I figured that.
-No harm done.
-[MIYAMURA] Hey!
Iura!
Your obligatory chocolate, sir.
Can't you at least
call it "friendship chocolate?"
Ooh! The Miyamura
cake shop brand!
The Iori cake shop brand.
[FEMALE STUDENT 211A]
There isn't a girl in school
who brought
more chocolate than him.
[HORI]
This is true.
[MIYAMURA]
Hori, wait.
Can you come over today?
I'll work it in.
Would right after school
be good?
Yeah, okay!
Uh!
Then again.
I need a little time before
you get there.
So just walk slow.
[HORI] In that case,
I'll stop by my place first.
[MIYAMURA]
If you feel like it's too dark
before you head out,
call and I'll come get you.
[HORI]
I'll be fine.
[MIYAMURA]
Then, I'll see you later.
[HORI]
Must have to prep his gift.
I thought it'd just be
homemade sweets,
but he
didn't bring it to school
and, apparently,
can't bring it to my house.
♪
How big is this thing?
What is it?
I'm dying to know!
[SAWADA]
Hori-senpai!
-[HORI gasps and grunts]
-Happy Valentine's Day!
I made this gift just for you!
It's full of my hard work
and love!
Thank you,
but you shouldn't have.
This is what she
"pulled out all the stops" for.
Aw!
It's so cute!
I'm glad you like it!
Really glad!
This darling little bow
is a great color!
I'm almost sad to untie it.
[SAWADA]
Miyamura knows you best.
-He said you like orange.
-Huh?
I can't even begin to describe
how annoying it was
to get help from him, but...
He was positive
that one would make you smile.
[HORI]
He knew it'd make me smile.
-I love it.
-Huh?
-Thank you!
-[giggles]
[HORI]
Maybe it's seeing someone
you like with a big, goofy grin
on their face is what today
is really all about.
Good!
Both of you are here!
Special delivery!
What is it?
We'll call it a "choco-gram".
I'm giving them to everyone,
so they're kinda tiny.
But they're a lot better
than last year's batch!
[KONO]
Oh, wow!
-Uh...
-Uh-uh.
I'll save it
for when I get home, okay?
Yes! So will I!
Don't wait too long!
Bye!
It's like a storm
blew through here.
Mmhm.
[KONO]
Yoshikawa!
You called?
I also have
a special delivery thing!
Here.
[gasps]
I'll make sure it gets to him.
[KONO] I appreciate it,
but, um...
Look inside first. Okay?
-[YOSHIKAWA] What?
-See ya.
Uh...
[YOSHIKAWA]
She wants me to see his gift?
Guess she got him two.
Uh?
[gasps]
Kono, wait...
Hey, Sa-kura.
Huh?
[sighs]
I'm not too early, am I?
Hope not.
Believe it or not,
you're right on time.
Have a seat.
[HORI] Where's your mom?
[MIYAMURA]
She should be home soon.
Uh-huh.
[HORI] I wonder
if he'll like his chocolate.
He's nice to a fault,
so he'll probably say
it's awesome
even if he wants to gag.
[door creaking and shutting]
Thanks for waiting.
Miyamur...
-[china clinking]
-[sighs]
♪
[MIYAMURA]
Happy Valentine's Day.
[exclaims]
I thought I'd go with
a classic Valentine cake.
Ahh, it smells so good!
You don't mind if I go ahead
and dig in, do you?
Thanks!
[silverware clinking]
[chews loudly]
[HORI] [sighs]
Delicious as always!
I was kinda holding my breath
for a hot minute there.
You were honestly worried
I wouldn't like your cake?
Well, uh, the cake itself
wasn't what worried me.
The gift wrap, though.
As you see,
I struggled to figure that out.
[chuckles]
If it had looked nice enough,
I would've
brought it to your house.
Hm?
Sorry it's not fancier, despite
this being a special day.
[gasps]
[HORI] I didn't even think
to gift wrap
my stinking homemade chocolate!
Fancy-schmancy!
This is great!
I love it!
What a relief.
[HORI]
Well, I can't fix it now.
I also made you something.
Since we're Valentines and all.
Oh! I wondered
what that bag was for!
Yes.
Well, as I'm sure you know,
it's inferior to your baking.
Your stomach may spite you.
[MIYAMURA]
Don't diss your own gift.
Whoa!
Chocolate ganache squares!
I love ganache!
[HORI]
I'm such a dummy!
Making gifts
with care is one thing,
but wrapping them with care
completes the gesture!
I was too focused on taste
to fret about presentation.
[MIYAMURA] Oh, this plate's
from your house.
Kinda comforts me.
[sighs]
Huh?
[HORI]
He's really chowing down.
Are they good?
They're very good!
Just sweet enough.
Here, try one
before I inhale them.
Say, "ahh."
-It's tasty, right?
-Mm. I guess so.
[HORI]
Beats the practice batch.
By a long shot.
[MIYAMURA]
Hard to relax till you see
how your partner reacts.
[gasps mildly]
Hmm?
[HORI]
He felt the same way I did.
How's the cake?
Do you approve?
[HORI] What? E-Everything
you make is delicious!
Of course I approve!
Yet another relief.
How am I supposed to eat
with you staring at me?
Oh! I'm sorry.
[HORI] Chocolate cake that
simply melts in your mouth.
Whipped cream
that isn't too sweet.
Just how I like it.
[MIYAMURA] Now, what should
I make next year?
Stop!
Too soon!
You're gonna eat it, right?
Do you even have to ask?
[HORI] It's something
that only I'll get to taste.
[MIYAMURA] Have you
thought about what
you're gonna make for me?
[HORI] This is gonna be
hard to top.
Look as worried and cute
as you did today,
and it'll be a win.
-Heh!
-Avert your eyes!
I can't look at your face?!
[HORI] He put his whole heart
into that cake.
And it tasted like happiness.
Oh. Hi, Sawada.
All the seniors
are leaving soon.
[MAYA]
I know.
I can't do it.
Should've known since I can't
even talk to the boys in class.
What an awful excuse
that is, right?
I'm sorry.
You were such a huge help,
but it was all for nothing.
Hey, I can go give it to hi...
[SAWADA]
That's not the issue here.
She wanted to
give it to him herself.
What a waste
of perfectly good chocolate.
But at least the shopping trip
is a nice memory.
Thank you.
Wait.
Then let me have the chocolate!
You said I could have it
if you didn't give it to him.
That way, it won't go to waste.
I'll eat all of it!
[MAYA]
Really?
Even if you hate the flavor?
[sighs]
Okay.
It's yours.
[SAWADA]
Thanks.
Here.
Trade ya.
I got it yesterday.
For you.
What do they call these gifts?
Obligatory? Or whatever.
I really appreciate this.
It isn't some
"obligatory chocolate," though.
It's friendship chocolate.
♪